Update serverless billing dimensions for GA (#4641)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/serverless/projects/billing.asciidoc

When you use {obs-serverless}, your bill is calculated based on data volume, which has these components:

* **Ingest** — Measured by the number of GB of log/event/info data that you send to your Observability project over the course of a month.
* **Retention** — Measured by the total amount of ingested data stored in your Observability project.

> Ingest and retention metering is based on the uncompressed, normalized, fully enriched data volume you ingest into your Serverless project. This allows you flexibility and consistency when choosing your preferred ingest architecture for enrichment, whether through {agent}, {ls}, OpenTelemetry, or collectors—without considering the possible impact on the cost.

Reviewer: reading this now seems awkward to me...

> ...--without considering the possible impact on the cost.

maybe ...--without need to to consider possible impacts on the cost.

Author: Yah I think it's fine grammatically, but someone skim reading might take the wrong meaning.

> Ingest and retention metering is based on the uncompressed, normalized, fully enriched data volume you ingest into your Serverless project. This allows you flexibility and consistency when choosing your preferred ingest architecture for enrichment, whether through {agent}, {ls}, OpenTelemetry, or collectors—without considering the possible impact on the cost.

Author: ```suggestion
Ingest and retention metering is based on the uncompressed, normalized, fully enriched data volume you ingest into your Serverless project. This allows you flexibility and consistency when choosing your preferred ingest architecture for enrichment, whether through {agent}, {ls}, OpenTelemetry, or collectors—without the need to consider possible impacts on the cost.
```

> NOTE: One consequence of this metering method is that the absolute volume of data reported in your usage statement can be much larger than the "raw" data size or the compressed data size "on the wire." Your monthly bill will transparently display exactly how much data has been ingested, including valuable metadata added by your data shipper, and contextual enrichment performed by your ingest processing. Don't worry, we've taken all that into account with our Serverless per GB prices, so we think you'll find Elastic Serverless to be a very cost-effective service.

Reviewer 2: The last sentence doesn't feel right to me. Maybe an alternative without the `Don't worry` and `we think`? 

>We took this into account while determining our Serverless per GB prices to help make {obs-serverless} a cost-effective service.

> NOTE: One consequence of this metering method is that the absolute volume of data reported in your usage statement can be much larger than the "raw" data size or the compressed data size "on the wire." Your monthly bill will transparently display exactly how much data has been ingested, including valuable metadata added by your data shipper, and contextual enrichment performed by your ingest processing. Don't worry, we've taken all that into account with our Serverless per GB prices, so we think you'll find Elastic Serverless to be a very cost-effective service.

Author: I see what you're getting at...the original version is verbose and shouldn't suggest that the user is worried. But I also think this sentence needs a transition that causes users to pause and read this carefully. (We should also fix the unclear antecedent.) How about something like this?

```suggestion
NOTE: One consequence of this metering method is that the absolute volume of data reported in your usage statement can be much larger than the "raw" data size or the compressed data size "on the wire." Your monthly bill will transparently display exactly how much data has been ingested, including valuable metadata added by your data shipper, and contextual enrichment performed by your ingest processing. Please note that we took the cost of metadata and enrichment into consideration while determining our Serverless per GB prices to help make {obs-serverless} a cost-effective service.
```

Author: @chrisdistasio WDYT of the change proposed here?

[discrete]
[[synthetics-billing]]
== Synthetics

<<observability-monitor-synthetics,Synthetic monitoring>> is an optional add-on to Observability Serverless projects that allows you to periodically check the status of your services and applications. In addition to the core ingest and retention dimensions, there is a charge to execute synthetic monitors on our testing infrastructure. Browser (journey) based tests are charged per-test-run, and ping (lightweight) tests have an all-you-can-use model per location used.

> Refer to <<general-serverless-billing,Serverless billing dimensions>> and the https://cloud.elastic.co/cloud-pricing-table?productType=serverless&project=observability[Elastic Cloud pricing table] for more details about Elastic Observability serverless billing dimensions and rates.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure if it's totally necessary to capitalize the `serverless` in this context, but it might be good to use the attribute for consistency. 

```suggestion
Refer to <<general-serverless-billing,Serverless billing dimensions>> and the https://cloud.elastic.co/cloud-pricing-table?productType=serverless&project=observability[Elastic Cloud pricing table] for more details about {obs-serverless} billing dimensions and rates.
```
